docs: update warning on data dir on daemon guide (#52912)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/management/admin/daemon.mdx

<Admonition
  type="danger"
>

>   Teleport stores data in a data directory defaulted to `/var/lib/teleport`. Make sure that regular/non-admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Teleport stores data in a directory that is located at `/var/lib/teleport` by default. Make sure that regular/non-admin
```
"defaulted to" sounds a little nonstandard to me
